Add our coding styleguide section to README file (#11)
sourcelevel/guidelines: README.md

First-timer? We recommend start reading `General/Editor` and then `Process Workflow` :)

## Our Coding Styleguide

> We don't have a specific coding styleguide. Otherwise, we use our coding styleguide from linters, that they configurations/specifications files can be found at our [linters](https://github.com/sourcelevel/linters) repository.

Reviewer: WDYT?

```suggestion
Instead of creating a specific coding styleguide for each programming language/tool that we use, we've have decided to just use linters configuration files to indicate which patterns we follow. All linters configuration files can be found in a single repository at [sourcelevel/linters](https://github.com/sourcelevel/linters).
```

Author: Sounds better.

Author: Done in 46ce7a2
